I don’t think people deserve all their limbs 
I would eat human meat if societal judgement were not a factor
I hate showering 
The enemy of my anemone is my friend
A roman and only one
What *are* birds? We just don't know.
The largest number is about 45 billion although mathematicians suspect that there may be even larger numbers
Maths stands for Mathematical Anti-Telharsic Harfatum Septomin.
Have you checked your butthole? Skidap badap
Baristas shouldn’t judge me for asking for 5 shots in my cappuccino 
I’m the centre of the universe, me
I’m the protagonist of life
Where’s your self re-cocking-spect?!
Way of the road bubbles.
I miss being in a coma
Keep getting sharp chest pains, probably nothing
I can’t listen to music and work, I’m not smart enough to do two things at once
Pooped my pants
That’s numberwang
My shadow weighs 42lbs
You have succumbed to zoldath
They are coming. Kill them all.
Enemy within red base perimeter. Red turret destroyed
I’m telling ya it ain’t my fault, it’s that abe guy
I LIVE AGAIN!!!
Temba, his arms wide
There are four lights!
I should have been the one to fill your dark soul with light!
You puny pathetic thing
Only a fool trusts his life to a weapon
You wanna pull each other’s ears?
Haulin’ cubes!
This is my hole. It was made for me
The worms are eating my brain!
Put two of them up your ass and give me 4 chicken fried nuggets
I'm very well acquainted too with matters mathematical. I understand equations, both the simple and quadratical
Without exercise the body devours itself
Most people's lives are like a hen’s ladder, shitty and short
Geoffrey! Fetch me my fighting trousers at once! No those are my time-travel trousers!
A real man swallows his vomit when a lady is present
Nobody said I couldn’t piss on it
I have beautiful hands. These hands can make works of art
Stupid stupid stupid I am proud to be stupid 
Open up your hate and let it flow into me
jessop jessop jessop jessop
I just think we can keep things classy, even when women aren’t around you know?
Laugh and grow fat
Why use a toothbrush when your fingers are right there?
Fool! Doom toots as he pleases
Humans were domesticated by wheat
I deserve to be treated better than everyone else
I’m not wholly convinced humans were meant to live this way
Vomiting makes me feel nauseous 
My feet are always cold
I wish eating bogeys was still legal
I can’t sit down without my special sitting hat on. I hope I find it soon.
One day I’ll strangle that barber. Maybe Tuesday.
I’ve wasted my life learning skills, i wish I’d done less with my time
The person who chooses not to read has no advantage over someone who can’t read
Read old data to process great thoughts
Intelligence is abominable 
Where did i leave my kid? I’ve got to stop drinking shampoo 
I’m late for my appointment again, my proctologist is going to kick my ass
Why does my belly button attract snakes?
I’ve got to stop chewing my own hair but it tastes so good all smothered in honey
Don’t listen to the voices Gerald, we can’t kill again! 15 times has got to be the limit.
They call space a frontier but it travels in all directions so where’s the front?
I hope there’s fewer people in the endless void.
Butter for the butter throne.
More work? Be happy to!
My hovercraft is full of eels
I dislike the way other people look
Eels up inside ya, finding an entrance where they can.
I’ve got the space rumblies.
Why does our water sting when we drink it?
I’m getting too old for this shit
My horoscope said I should have died yesterday
Hell is other people 
Why are videogames full of bad writing?
Videogames are art and i love to debate it
The food down my trousers makes my elbows explode with delight 
C is for cookie. That’s good enough for me.
I’m a business man doing…business
You do the fingering and I’ll blow
People who talk in the cinema should be decanted into a holding vat full of painful stinging liquid until the movie is over.
Drinking the water here is like sucking it through a frog’s ass
Peed ma pants
Did you see that ludicrous display last night?
Drinking down my dinner all alone
I love micro transactions 
I want to clean your dusty cups from the inside out 
More hobbledyhois!
If I'm not back in five minutes, just wait longer
They’re eating the dogs, they’re eating the cats
We’re coming to get you, Barbera!
**He's Not Judge Judy And Executioner!**
*everybody and their mums is packin' round 'ere*
I’VE GOT SOME FUCKING JAFFA CAKES IN MY COAT POCKET